---
layout: post
published: true
sciencemom: false
blog: true
comic: false
comments: true
title: Junium
description: Junium is known for philanthropy and a love of animals.
modified: '2017-09-17'
headline: The element Junium is known for philanthropy and a love of animals.
imagefeature: Junium.jpeg
fbimage: Juniumfb.jpeg
folder: Patron
categories:
  - patron
sitemap:
  lastmod: 2020-02-10
  priority: 0.3
  changefreq: 'monthly'
  exclude: 'yes'
---

{% include image.html url="https://raw.github.com/jennyballif/jennyballif.github.io/master/images/Patron/Junium.jpeg" description="Element 8 from the Periodic Tabel of Patrons: Junium." maxwidth="600px" %}

Junium is named in honor of Stewart Juneau, a native of Louisiana who has traveled far and wide. Most well known for his real estate and humanitarian efforts, you might not think of him as a scientist. But Stewart got his undergraduate degrees in Chemistry and Microbiology, and even considered advanced studies in Clinical Chemistry before he changed course and entered the business world.

His interest in science and the natural world have had an impact on a great many of his projects, including the Lake Juneau Safari Park. This beautiful preserve is home to an incredible variety of wildlife, from gnus and zebras to camels, kangaroos, and more. And it's dedicated to providing outdoor experiences and educational programs to underpriveleged children and families.

A few of the quotes from the Safari Park's website speak very well to both the mission of the place, and to the considerate and thoughtful presence that Stewart emanates:

"The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated." -Gandhi

"When I lock eyes with an animal I get a special feeling.
A feeling of togetherness. Not animal to animal,
not animal to human, but being to being."

We're so grateful for the support of this vital element. Thank you, Stewart! To find out more about the Safari Park and mission of HEF (The Housing and Education Foundation), see their website, [hefcorp.org](http://hefcorp.org).
